docs: how to author plugins with configs that extend other configs (#18753)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/extend/plugin-migration-flat-config.md

];
```

If your config extends other configs, you can export an array:

```js

> const baseConfig = require('./base-config');

Author: Guess I needed this linted 😅

module.exports = {
    configs: {

>         // the config referenced by example/recommended
>         extendedConfig: [

Reviewer: If this config will be imported as `example.configs.recommended` it should be named `recommended`, not `extendedConfig`. Otherwise, it should be imported as `example.configs.extendedConfig` in the example file below, and in the legacy config system it would be referenced by `example/extendedConfig`.

```suggestion
        // the config referenced by example/recommended
        recommended: [
```

Author: It is already imported as `example.configs.extendedConfig`...?

Reviewer: In that case, can we remove the comment that says `referenced by example/recommended` since that's a different config in this example?

Author: Aha good catch. Bad copy/paste.

            baseConfig,
            {
                rules: {
                    "example/rule1": "error",
                    "example/rule2": "error"
                }
            }
        ],
    },
};
```

> You should update your documentation so your plugin users know how to reference the exported configs. If your config is an array, consumers will have to spread it:

Author: I kind of wanted them side-by-side to show that you may have some configs that shouldn't be spread, and some that should. Will tweak the copy, and if you still want it split after that copy tweak I can do that.

];
```

If your config extends other configs, you can export an array:

```js
const baseConfig = require("./base-config");

module.exports = {
    configs: {
        extendedConfig: [
            baseConfig,
            {
                rules: {
                    "example/rule1": "error",
                    "example/rule2": "error"
                }
            }
        ],
    },
};
```

You should update your documentation so your plugin users know how to reference the exported configs.

If your exported config is an object, then your users can insert it directly into the config array; if your exported config is an array, then your users should use the spread operator (`...`) to insert the array's items into the config array.

Here's an example with both an object config and an array config:

```js
import example from "eslint-plugin-example";

export default [
    example.configs.recommended, // Object, so don't spread
    ...example.configs.extendedConfig, // Array, so needs spreading

> ];

Reviewer: Yeah, when it's explicitly documented, users don't have to guess or account for both alternatives.

};
```

You should update your documentation so your plugin users know how to reference the exported configs.

> If your config is an object, consumers should not spread it; and if it's an array, they should:

Reviewer 2: This still implies that the following example shows just how to spread, and the verbiage is more confusing. Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
If your exported config is an object, then your users can insert it directly into the config array; if your exported config is an array, then your users should use the spread operator (`...`) to insert the array's items into the config array. Here's an example with both an object config and an array config:
```
